# CellularAutomata-NeuralNetwork
## Introduction
Use neural network, based on user or CNN generated data, to determine whether one graph of CA will be liked. It is firstly an attempt to use NN to understand a chaos system, and secondly an attempt to simulate human aesthetics with algorithm.

So why don't use CNN directly for aesthetic appreciation? Because I want to try to connect the seed of a CA to the effect its graph creates: is it possible for such a chaotic system? That's the question that interests me.

## Structure of project
* ANN_Judge.py uses artificial neural network to judge whether one particular CA graph satisfies user's standard.
* atm.py is 1D cellular automata with r = 2, k = 2.
* User_data_collection.py use atm.py to make it easy for users to generate preference data.
* CNN_Generator.py uses convolutional neural network to judge whether a CA picture satisfies user-induced standard. This now serves to provide data for ANN_Judge, because now it cannot understand the relation between a CA seed (in my case a 31-digit binary number) and features of its graph.
* Afterwards I found CNN_Generator not usful and switched to normal methods: to manually determine whether a map satisfies the triange criteria. Functionally speaking, Normal_Generator is completely equal to CNN_Generator.

## Others
* ANN_Data/Data_1 includes 200 training data and 30 testing data originally used to see the validity of ANN_Judge. It seems the data quantity is not enough. So I introduced CNN.
* ANN_Data/Data_2 includes enough data generated by Normal_Generator in the use of training ANN_Judge. 50,000 trainig and 5,000 testing data sets.
* CNN_Data/Data_1 includes 100 graphs and 100 results for training CNN_Generator.